--- Consultation 1 ---
day: 1
consultation: 2
presenting_complaint: I have sore, red skin
note: 4/7 hx of dry itchy skin, mainly on chest and back. Skin is also sore and cracked. No bleeding or discharge. No spread elsewhere. Not aware of any triggers. Used steroid cream OTC last night with minimal effect. Pt has also tried antihistamines. 
Systemically well otherwise - no fevers, no vomiting, no SOB/cough. No bowel sx. 

PMH: Eczema, Asthma 
DHx: Nil regular
NKDA
SH: lives with flatmates, works as a pharmaceutical manager. Non-smoker, social EtOH. 
ICE: pt thinks might be related to eczema. No concerns

Imp: flare up of eczema

Plan:
1.	Steroid cream - Betnovate BD
2.	Emollients - cetraben - use up to QDS
3.	Trial antihistamines
4.	Keep trigger diary 
5.	Review in 10-14d if symptoms no better, or earlier if any concerns/worsening sx

highlights: ["4/7 hx of dry itchy skin", "Eczema", "Asthma", "Steroid cream", "Emmolients"]
_source_file: day1_consultation02.json

--- Consultation 2 ---
day: 2
consultation: 2
presenting_complaint: I have a strange swelling on my elbow
note: Hx: 1 week history of spontaneous elbow swelling left. Not painful. No trauma. 
No FH of rheumatological disease- NB pt says he has been old he has OA previously by doctors- ? need to confirm this
Works in a desk job
Not happened before
Otherwise well- 
PMHx: nil of note
FH: nil of note
DH: not on any medication, allergic to peanuts
SH: exercises regularly, active
Ex: looks well, not in pain. Mild erythema and minimal swelling (if any) around olecranon process left elbow
Imp: possible bursitis
Plan: for NSAIDs- usual advice re SE
For rheum bloods: esr, crp, fbc, rheum factor and urate
Review thereafter in person/ via video
To contact us back in interim if any deterioration/concerns- pt warned re symptoms of septic arthritis

highlights: ["elbow swelling", "No trauma", "allergic to peanuts", "looks well", "possible bursitis", "for NSAIDs", "bloods"]
_source_file: day2_consultation02.json

--- Consultation 3 ---
day: 3
consultation: 2
presenting_complaint: feeling hot and having severe headache
note: You are having a headache for the past 4 days 
You have been taking paracetamol and ibuprofen but no relief 
You have just returned from Thailand a week ago and a friend of your is also unwell 
You have had mosquito bites 
You have a rash all over your body but this disappears when a glass is placed ( blanching)
There is no pain while you move your neck 
There is no pain while looking at the light 
There is no weakness of the muscles 
There is no pins and needles 
You do not have vomiting 
There is no no cough, cold or ear pain
There is no bleeding spots over the skin 
You have some generalized muscle aches 
Past medical history None
No allergies 
Plan : you have been advised to book an urgent appointment to see a doctor in the next few hours
If this is not possible you will need to go to A & E . WE will need to r/o more serious conditions like malaria, Dengue and meningitis 

highlights: ["headache", "mosquito bites", "No allergies"]
_source_file: day3_consultation02.json

--- Consultation 4 ---
day: 5
consultation: 2
presenting_complaint: It hurts when I pee
note: PC: Dysuria
HPC: 6/7 hx dysuria, burning stinging sensation when PUs. No problem with actually passing urine. Strong odour. E&D normally. No new PV discharge. No back/loin pain. Not feverish but not checked temp.No obvious trigger, no hx dehydration/frequent SI. 
No PHx urine infections/similar sx. 
No recent change in BH/blood in stool.
PMH: IBS
FH: Nil
DH: Mebeverine 200mg TDS. NKDA.

SH: Lives with friends. Works as support worker. Non smoker. Drinks 1 unit/week.
Imp: Likely UTI.
Plan: Nitrofurantoin 3/7 course. 
Advised patient to contact us if fever/back pain/persistent symptoms or if recurrent episodes of similar symptoms occurs. 

highlights: ["dysuria", "Strong odour", "No back/loin pain", "Not feverish"]
_source_file: day5_consultation02.json

--- Consultation 5 ---
day: 4
consultation: 2
presenting_complaint: I'm feeling hot and have severe headaches
note: PC. Headaches, loss of appetite, tingling, feel hot, palpitations,  acute onset, at random times of the day while at work (lawyer)

HPC: 
PC started when started new job (lawer, high stress, works in front of a computer)
Headaches:
-	No pre aura, 
-	Frontal
-	No radiation
-	Some nausea  no vomiting,
-	No pmhx of headache.

Reduced appetite, with unintentional weight loss, loss of 5lbs 
Pins and needles in both arms, no radiation to legs, maintains motor and sense, no loss of function
Fevers with headaches 
Palpitations with mild SOBOE and SOBAR.


Symptoms occur at random times of the day while at work, with no pre-symptoms, sometimes together, sometimes individually.

PMHx , hypothyroid. 

DHx allergies - nil
Thyroxine. 

SHx lawer , stressful job.

DDx ??hypothyroid?

Plans : requires further examination and blood tests.

highlights: [""]
_source_file: day4_consultation02.json

